[Workflow] Add a line about the attribute type when persisted. (#9156)
symfony/symfony-docs: workflow/usage.rst

    class BlogPost
    {
        public $currentPlace;
        public $title;
        public $content;
    }

.. tip::

>     The ``type`` (default value ``single_state``) and ``arguments`` (default value ``marking``)

Reviewer: For 4.3+ this need to be removed no?
As single/multiple state are deprecated/removed in favor of method

    class BlogPost

>     {

Reviewer: Is it the case with state machine as well?
State machine has only one place allowed at the same time

>         // This property is used by the marking store, by default, Symfony set the marking as an array.

Reviewer 2: To make things simple the current object is managed by: 
A state machine: It's a string
A workflow: it's an array

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        // This property is used by the marking store. If the current object is managed by a state machine, this property is a string, else if it's managed by a workflow it's an array.
```

>         // This property is used by the marking store, by default, Symfony "mark" this attribute as an array.

Reviewer 4: I don't understand what this means --> _"Symfony mark this attribute as an array"_  Is this something that can only be understood if you use the Workflow component (which I don't) ... or is it supposed to be understood by all readers? Thanks!

Reviewer 2: May be this is better:
> By default symfony set the marking as an array. 
as or with, I don't know

    The ``type`` (default value ``single_state``) and ``arguments`` (default value ``marking``)
    attributes of the ``marking_store`` option are optional. If omitted, their default values
    will be used.
    
.. note::

    If a ``multiple_state`` is used, the persisted state type should be an ``array``, 
    using Doctrine, you can use ``json`` or ``json_array``. 

>     If a ``single_state`` is used, the persisted state type could be a string

Reviewer: Or it could be also an integer, but you need to implement a MarkingStoreInterface to convert from string to int the place

Author: Thanks for the feedback, I've added new lines about this case, can you review it and tell me if it's adapted? 🤔 

Thanks 😊

    The ``type`` (default value ``single_state``) and ``arguments`` (default value ``marking``)
    attributes of the ``marking_store`` option are optional. If omitted, their default values
    will be used.
    
.. note::

>     If a ``multiple_state`` is used, the persisted state type should be an ``array``, 

Reviewer 4: This prhase needs some reword. It reads as "should be an array using Doctrine". Do you mean, a "PHP array" in the entity property and a "json" type in the `@Column` mapping?

    using Doctrine, you can use ``json`` or ``json_array``. 

>     If a ``single_state`` is used, the persisted state type could be a string, 

Reviewer 4: "could be a string" or "should be a string" ... we say "should be an array" in the previous paragraph.

    if you need to store an int (due to DB limitations and/or project constraints),
    be aware that you need to implement :class:`Symfony\\Component\\Workflow\\MarkingStore\\MarkingStoreInterface`
    in order to transform the int back to something understandable by Workflow.

>     If something else is used, you're in charge of choosing the best storage format.

Reviewer 4: Does the previous tip related to MarkingStoreInterface apply in this case too? If yes, we must merge these two phrases.

Reviewer 2: @javiereguiluz yes it's apply to. So it should be merged

Reviewer 2: @Guikingone could you merge theses phrase? Thanks.

After that, IMHO, we will be OK to merge it

Author: Improved, to be checked 🙂
